You really know how to pretend, don't you?
Dad, I'm just afraid that when my brother comes back
You won't hurt me anymore
So I made a mistake for a while
Because you were confused
The evil little greedy was expelled from the house
5 years of pregnancy
Uh sir
Xiaoli already knew he was wrong
And he's always wanted to confess to you
Please forgive him
Dad, I really know I was wrong
Get up.
Dad?
Xiaocai didn't steal anything but was kicked out of the house by us
How do we explain this to him?
How can we still have the face to cooperate with him on the project?
Even if he didn't steal and got kicked out
That's also to train him
For his own good
It's a big deal, I'll just go and apologize to him
Apologize you apologize
Can you get 5 years of hard life for side dishes?
Xiaoli has stepped back and apologized
What's more, he also broke Xiaoli's legs
What more do you want?
If you're so kind
When I kicked him out of the house
Why don't you get him back?
After knowing the identity of the villain
I want to curry favor with him to deal with our mother